---
title: Imprint
permalink: imprint/
active: home
---

<h1>Imprint</h1>

<p> Accordance with § 5 TMG: </p>

<p> Matthias Günther </p>

<p> Alboinstr. 37</p>

<p> 12103 Berlin </p>


<h2> Disclaimer </h2>

The contents of our pages have been created with great care. For the accuracy, completeness and
topicality of contents I can not take any responsibility. As a service provider I’m responsible
according to § 7 paragraph 1 of TMG for own contents on these pages under the general laws.
According to § 8 to 10 TMG I’m not obligated to control transmitted or stored information, or to
investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of
information under the general laws remain unaffected. A liability is only possible from the date of
knowledge of a specific infringement. On becoming aware of such violations, I will immediately
remove this content.


<h2> Liability for links </h2>

This site contains links to external websites over which I have no control. The linked sites were
checked at the time of linking for possible violations of law. Illegal contents were not apparent at
the time of linking. A permanent control of the linked pages is unreasonable without concrete
evidence of a violation. Upon notification of violations, I will remove such links immediately.


<h2> Copyright </h2>

The operator of the site content and works provided on these pages are subject to German copyright
law. The reproduction, adaptation, distribution or any kind of exploitation outside the limits of
copyright require the written consent of the author or creator. Downloads and copies of these pages
are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. Insofar as the content is not created by the
website operator, the property rights of third parties. In particular, third-party content as such.
Should you become aware of a copyright violation, we ask for a hint. Upon notification of
violations, we will immediately remove such content.


<h2> Privacy </h2>

<p>
The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal information. As far as on our
sides personal data (such as name, address or e-mail addresses) are collected, this is as far as
possible, on a voluntary basis. This data will not be disclosed to third parties without your
express consent.
</p>

<p>
We point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. communication by e-mail) security gaps. A
complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.
</p>

<p>
The use of the framework of the imprint obligation published contact data by third parties to send
unsolicited advertisements and information materials is hereby expressly excluded. The site
operators reserve the right to take legal action in case of unsolicited promotional information,
such as spam e-mails.
</p>
